Tesseract Documentation and Tutorials (#593)
ros-industrial-consortium/tesseract: gh_pages/_source/getting_started_doc.rst

Getting Started
===============

> Install ROS and Catkin

Reviewer: `tesseract` is ROS-independent, so the implication that ROS is required to get started with `tesseract` is confusing and  a bit misleading. I would consider revising this section to clarify that ROS and `catkin` make it convenient to build `tesseract`

Once you have ROS installed, make sure you have the most up to date packages: ::

  rosdep update
  sudo apt-get update
  sudo apt-get dist-upgrade

Install `catkin <http://wiki.ros.org/catkin>`_ the ROS build system: ::

  sudo apt-get install ros-noetic-catkin python-catkin-tools

Install `wstool <http://wiki.ros.org/wstool>`_ the ROS workspace management tool: ::

  sudo apt-get install python-wstool

Build Instructions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Create a workspace (in this case we'll name it `tesseract_ws`): ::

  mkdir -p ~/tesseract_ws/src

Move into source directory: ::

  cd ~/tesseract_ws/src 

Clone Tesseract Planning repository into your workspace: ::

  git clone https://github.com/ros-industrial-consortium/tesseract_planning

If you are using the Robot Operating System (ROS), you can also clone the Tesseract ROS repository: ::

  git clone https://github.com/ros-industrial-consortium/tesseract_ros

Clone the repositories in the dependencies.rosinstall file using wstool or some other method (e.g. manually git cloning them): ::

>   wstool init ~/tesseract_ws/src/ ~/tesseract_ws/src/tesseract_planning/dependencies.rosinstall

Reviewer: Are these tutorials meant to extend to repositories beyond the core `tesseract` repository? It's not actually necessary to build `tesseract_planning` and `tesseract_ros` in order to build `tesseract`, so we might consider dropping these instructions and putting tutorials for those projects in their respective repositories

Install dependencies: ::

  rosdep install -y --from-paths ~/tesseract_ws/src --ignore-src --rosdistro noetic

Build the workspace using catkin tools: ::

  cd ~/tesseract_ws/
  source /opt/ros/noetic/setup.bash
  catkin build

Source the catkin workspace: ::

  source ~/tesseract_ws/devel/setup.bash

> NOTE: For noetic tesseract_ext is not required. Install the following dependencies: libbullet-dev, libbullet-extras-dev and ros-noetic-fcl. Taskflow can be install using the PPA below.

Reviewer: It's not ROS Noetic that makes `tesseract_ext` not required, it's the fact that the packages in `tesseract_ext` are distributed as binaries on Ubuntu 20.04
```suggestion
> `tesseract_ext` is not required on Ubuntu 20.04 because binary distributions of those packages are available. `taskflow` is the only remaining binary-distributed dependency that must be installed manually. This package can be installed using the PPA below.
```

Author: I decided to remove this note and add Taskflow as a step in the installation instructions. I also decided to add a note at the top indicating that the targeted OS for the instructions is Ubuntu 20.04. We may want to create another page/tab/section for installation on 18.04
